Align the margin of floating buttons with map attribution button during active navigation. (#3776)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where changing `NavigationViewController.showsReportFeedback`, `NavigationViewController.showsSpeedLimits`, `NavigationViewController.detailedFeedbackEnabled`, `NavigationViewController.floatingButtonsPosition` and `NavigationViewController.floatingButtons` before presenting `NavigationViewController` had no effect. ([#3718](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3718))
* Fixed an issue where `SpeechSynthesizing.managesAudioSession` was ignored by `RouteVoiceController`. ([#3572](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3572))
* Fixed the gap between the end-of-route feedback panel and the bottom of the screen in landscape orientation. ([#3769](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3769))

> * Fixed an issue where the floating buttons not aligned with map attribution button when device rotates during active navigation. ([#3776](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3776))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the map’s floating buttons are misaligned with its attribution button and sometimes untappable after rotating the device during turn-by-turn navigation. ([#3776](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3776))
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, the changeLog has been updated.
